[theme music]
[birds squawking]
[bicycle bell rings]
[indistinct chatter]
[Do-ha]
Chief Hong, is your name Hong Du-sik?
Yeah, it is.
You worked at YK Asset Management?
[somber music]
You know Kim Gi-hun?
You know him, don't you?
[growls]
Hong Du-sik, you bastard!
-[Do-ha grunts]
-[gasps]
[people exclaim]
-[I-jun] Uncle Hong!
-[Mat-i] Chief Hong?
-[people gasp]
-Hey?
[Do-ha] You bastard! Hey!
My dad used to be healthy.
He used to hike every day!
But he's paralyzed now,
and it's your fault.
He and I promised
to climb Mt. Jiri together!
-[Seong-hyeon] Do-ha! Stop it!
-[Do-ha] You!
-[Seong-hyeon] That's enough!
-[Do-ha] You bastard!
-[Seong-hyeon] Hey, stop it.
-[Do-ha] Let me go!
-[Gam-ri] What's going on?
-[Do-ha] I'm gonna kill him!
-Let me go! I'm gonna kill him.
-[Seong-hyeon] No. This isn't right!
Let me go! Stop! This guy's a murderer.
He destroyed my dad's legs.
He destroyed my family!
[somber music]
[Bo-ra whimpers]
-[Do-ha] Stop. Let me go!
-[Seong-hyeon] Do-ha!
[Do-ha] Hey! Running away again?
So this is where you've been hiding,
pretending like you're some hero
and not a murderer.
My dad's been a vegetable
the past six months!
How do you live with yourself?
-Let me go.
-[Seong-hyeon] Do-ha.
-[Do-ha] Come back here!
-[Seong-hyeon] That's enough.
-[Eun-cheol] Please stop.
-[Do-ha] Let go!
[Seong-hyeon] Stop it. Do-ha.
-[Chun-jae] Du-sik.
-[Do-ha] Come here!
-[Seong-hyeon] Stop it.
-[Do-ha] I said, come here!
[somber music]
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong.
[exhales heavily]
[Hye-jin exhales sharply]
Leave me alone.
No, I won't.
I'm worried about you.
I'm sure it's just a misunderstanding--
No, it isn't.
Huh?
It's all true.
It all happened. What he said.
Hm?
It was me who paralyzed… Do-ha's father.
-I don't think…
-That's not all.
I also destroyed the family
in the photo you saw.
I did it.
I killed him.
[sad instrumental music playing]
["Wish" by Choi Yuree playing]
[door opens, closes]
Hye-jin, are you okay?
[whimpers]
[sniffles]
No, I'm not okay.
I can't believe this.
[sobbing]
Mi-seon.
I don't know what's happening.
[Hye-jin] I really don't know.
Mi-seon…
[sobbing continues]
[breathing heavily]
[exhales sharply]
[breathes heavily]
[exhales heavily]
[labored breathing]
[sad instrumental music playing]
[sighs]
[music fading]
BORA SUPERMARKET
EPISODE 15
CALL CHUNG-HO HARDWARE
IF YOU NEED HELP
[woman] Excuse me. Is anyone here?
[Geum-cheol]
This power strip can take up to 4,000W.
-[man] Great.
-You can plug lots of devices into it.
And it still works. Du-sik told me that.
-[man] Mm.
-[phone ringing]
Hello?
At the Supermarket?
Ah, I'll be right there.
-Uh, it's 10,000 won. Just leave it here.
-Ah, that's fine.
[man] Okay.
-[Nam-suk] Sorry.
-It's okay.
-[Nam-suk] Enjoy.
-Thank you.
-[phone ringing]
-Uh-oh.
-Can we have some pickled radish?
-Yeah, sure. Uh… um…
Yes, how may I help… uh…
So sorry, we're unfortunately behind
on our deliveries right now.
So sorry about that. Okay, goodbye.
That bastard Nam-gyu
isn't picking up his phone.
-Ugh! Damn it!
-Hello? I, uh… like to pay.
-Okay, great. How was it?
-It was so good.
-Oh, well, I'm glad you enjoyed it.
-[both chuckle]
Iced cafe mocha, iced vanilla latte,
espresso macchiato…
Uh, what was the last one?
-[woman] Einspänner.
-Einspänner!
-You have to have that one?
-[woman] Of course.
Okay, right.
[chuckles]
Heaven forbid,
you order the same drinks, right?
-[woman] No.
-To make it easy. [laughs]
-[woman] We have different tastes.
-Just kidding. I got it.
-Excuse me, Sir.
-[Chun-jae] Oh, we're actually closed…
Here, here, here.
-Forget it. Come in.
-[man 1] Where are our drinks?
-What did you order?
-[man 2] Strawberry parfait
-and chocolate shake.
-Oh, right.
Oh, gosh. Can you guys just please
have iced Americanos today?
-I'll make it cheaper for you. How's that?
-[men laugh]
It'll be 500 won off the price.
Sounds good?
[laughs awkwardly]
[Hwa-jeong] Whoa, what's wrong?
You look wiped out.
Ugh! So many customers today,
but no one to help me out.
Don't tell me you're all wiped out
because Chief Hong isn't here.
[Chun-jae] We are.
There's a bigger concern though,
right now.
We're worried about him.
Oh, I hope he's feeling okay.
Since that day, I haven't seen him
and he won't pick up his phone.
Let us not forget that
he might've killed someone--
-[Nam-suk] Hey. What are you saying?
-[all yelling]
Don't you say that. Watch it, huh!
You'd better watch what you're saying.
No, no. I'm not saying it's true, okay?
I'm just curious. It's weird.
I'm worried too. He is my friend.
[Chun-jae] What kind of a friend
would say what you said?
Whoa!
You know the man Du-sik is.
I have full trust in that man.
He would never do such a thing.
-I know.
-Exactly. I'm a great judge of character.
He's never looked suspicious at all.
Ow, okay.
[Chun-jae] Don't be absurd.
Now that he's not here,
I miss him terribly.
Just look him in the face. His eyes.
He has kind, very sentimental eyes.
-That's right.
-[Chun-jae] Exactly!
-You listening, you little…
-What?
-[phone ringing]
-[sighs in annoyance]
I got customers. I should go.
-Goodbye.
-[phone buzzing]
[phone ringing]
Yeah? Oh, yes, of course.
-I got to go, too.
-[Hwa-jeong] Bye.
-[Yeong-guk] All right, then.
-I wish I only sold one drink.
[Hwa-jeong] Everyone's panicking.
Everything's a mess ever since
Chief Hong stopped coming around.
I hope he's at least eating something.
[wistful music]
[inhales deeply]
[Du-sik] Everything you heard is true.
It was me who paralyzed… Do-ha's father.
-[knocks on door]
-[door opens]
Dr. Yoon, Ms. Yu Cho-hui came in.
Uh-huh. We're gonna be extracting
her wisdom tooth today?
Mm-hm.
[beeps]
-That's what I was saying before.
-[Ji-won] Mm-hm.
[Gyeong-min] Many viewers these days,
they seem to prefer…
-[Ji-won] Mm.
-…experiences that--
Ji-won! What are you doing here?
[Ji-won] Hey, Director Ji.
Hello. I've heard so much about you.
Oh. Very nice.
You don't have time
to be chit-chatting down here like this.
Why? What's the matter?
The footage has disappeared.
There's nothing.
It's been completely erased. It's gone.
What? You're just now telling me this?
Take care.
Yeah.
[beeps]
Which part? What did you lose?
How much of this did you edit?
Just that.
[Ji-won] What?
The file's safe and sound.
It's too big to vanish.
Do you have a death wish or something?
What was that supposed to do?
Um, well I…
I'd appreciate if you're not
discussing work with other guys.
-What?
-Just don't… uh… just…
[exhales sharply]
Just for me if you can try not to.
Am I allowed to talk
about something else with guys?
[light music]
Seong-hyeon,
can I have a word with you, please?
Sure. Let's go outside.
You better go.
-[door closes]
-[sighs]
[Do-ha] I'm sorry about that day.
I'm sorry I ruined the after-party.
Yeah, I know. I'm sure
you must have had a reason to do it.
I suddenly saw red. It was wrong.
Uh, may I ask…
what exactly happened there?
My dad was…
a security guard at YK Asset Management
till a few years ago.
[Du-sik] Yes, hello.
[Do-ha] And Du-sik was a fund manager.
Oh, thanks.
[Do-ha] And that bastard convinced him
to invest in a fund he managed.
[Du-sik] Call this number,
and they'll explain all about it.
Oh, okay. Thanks so much.
Good. Looking forward to it.
-Being the naive man my dad was…
-[Gi-hun] I appreciate it, Mr. Hong.
…he retrieved his security deposit
-and even took out a loan.
-[chuckles]
Then the Benjamin Holdings incident
occurred a few years back.
[phones ringing]
Mr. Hong.
Stock prices plummeted worldwide,
-and so did his fund.
-[grunts]
-[groans]
-He didn't take it very well.
[young Do-ha] Dad! What's wrong?
[panting]
He attempted suicide.
[sobbing]
Oh, my god!
It happened while I was job hunting.
He came out of the coma
after I started here.
You never said anything about this.
[Seong-hyeon] I'm sorry.
It must've been tough
and I worked you so hard.
Not at all. I loved it.
I mean, no one likes all-nighters.
[chuckles]
But the thought that kept me going is…
"This company gave me a miracle
and I'm working for him."
[exhales]
It must've been difficult.
Who would've thought I would meet Du-sik
ill-fated?
[Do-ha] My dad wasn't the only one
that bastard ruined.
I heard his boss also died then.
Car accident.
[Mi-seon] Hye-jin.
I wasn't sure if I should show you
what I found
since I didn't want
to make you feel worse.
But I found something here.
[dramatic music]
2016'S BEST FUND MANAGER PARK JEONG-U
AND TALENTED FUND MANAGER HONG DU-SIK
[Du-sik] I also destroyed the family
in the photo you saw.
I did it. I killed him.
[pensive music]
[keyboard clacking]
[sighs]
[Seon-a sobbing]
No!
[Seong-hyeon breathing heavily]
[Seon-a] No!
[Seong-hyeon] Seon-a.
Seong-hyeon… My husband…
[Seon-a] No…
[sobbing continues]
[sobs]
[exhales heavily]
[door closes]
[Hwa-jeong] I-jun, are you home?
[chopping]
-[mouthing]
-[chopping continues]
[Yeong-guk gasps]
Don't kill me!
Oh, my god.
What are you doing? You scared me.
Don't you think I'd be just a little bit
more scared than you?
Right. You should've said hi first.
I was going to be sweet,
surprise you with a hug from behind.
Oh. Mm.
Do it.
Huh?
The hug. Give me a hug then.
-Do it.
-You expect me to do that right now.
After scaring me… 'cause I will.
[both giggle]
You're so stupid.
[Yeong-guk] Ah…
What are you making?
A snack for I-jun.
-Kimchi pancake. I put some squid in.
-[gasps]
You want some of it?
Oh, no! Squid? No! Put some meat in there.
-Where's the meat in there?
-[giggling]
[Yeong-guk]
Meat, yes! Squid, no! Oh, no, no, no!
-[both laughing]
-[I-jun] Mom.
-Dad?
-Oh.
What's happening?
-[gasps]
-Oh.
So you're here.
[nervous chuckle]
Oh. That's good.
Oh, no.
Oh.
[sighs]
[laughs awkwardly]
[Hwa-jeong] I-jun.
Let me explain. What you saw
between mommy and daddy…
[exhales]
Your parents…
are about to get back together, you see.
You just come out with it right away
without any warm-up?
[Yeong-guk] I-jun.
Let me explain everything, okay?
A long time ago,
there was a little misunderstanding
between me and your mom.
That's why we were living apart
for a little while.
But recently,
we, uh, made peace,
as you can clearly see.
So, at this point, uh…
we, uh…
Are you gonna marry mom again?
Oh, sure.
[both] Mm-hm.
Oh, I-jun. Whoa! How'd you get so smart?
He takes after his mother.
I've processed this and I…
respect what you're doing.
Can I go play
at Bo-ra's house now, please?
What about your kimchi pancake?
No thanks. I'm all good.
I'll get going then.
Have fun. Watch out for cars.
-[I-jun] I will.
-Good.
[breathing heavily]
-[groans]
-[door closes]
Our little I-jun… is a saint.
That's also from me.
Peace of mind. Inner peace.
Inner peace. Oh, no!
Oh, yes. Kimchi pancake. Oh, yes.
[laughs]
I'm gonna have it all.
Hm?
[groans]
[Gam-ri sighs]
It got cold. My, oh my.
[sighs]
[somber music]
[phone vibrating]
Hello, there.
[Hye-jin's friend]
Hye-jin, have you thought about it?
Uh…
Mm… I still need to think about it,
if it's okay.
What's the matter?
I thought you'd say yes right away.
Most people would kill
for this opportunity.
I'm sorry.
I can't give you too much time.
I'll give you a few more days.
Okay, thanks so much. I'll call you later.
Okay.
-[phone clicks]
-[exhales heavily]
[knocks on door]
Dr. Yoon, are you in here?
Ah! Ms. Kim.
[chuckles]
-[Hye-jin] Oh.
-[Gam-ri grunts]
[Hye-jin] What brings you here?
-Have a seat.
-Ah. Okay.
[Gam-ri chuckles]
I thought I'd steam some corn
and bring it to you.
[Hye-jin gasps]
-They look delicious.
-Here.
Thank you so much.
Please. This is nothing.
How are your teeth?
Have they bothered you?
Not at all.
After I got the implants from you,
oh, I've been eating
buckets and bowls of squid.
All the squid in the whole area
must be in my stomach.
[chuckles]
Just be careful now, okay?
Oh, you nag as much as Du-sik.
Just as bad as he is.
[Gam-ri sighs]
I went to his house before coming here.
I keep going to his house to bring food,
though he won't take any of it.
I know he's a complete mess in there.
I left some corn on his front porch
when I went there.
It'll still be there tomorrow.
[clacks]
-Let's go there.
-Go where?
To Gongjin.
We need more inserts.
It's boring without more of that.
It looks just fine.
You're being a perfectionist.
It'll take one day, maybe two.
But I'll go down there with her,
and you can stay here in Seoul.
That's okay. I'll go instead of her.
I take my job seriously, you know?
Yeah. That's fine. Let's do it.
It's getting late,
and I-jun hasn't come home.
Mm, yeah. I'll call Bo-ra. Let's see.
[Yeong-guk clears throat]
[phone beeps]
[line rings]
Hello, Bo-ra.
This is I-jun's dad.
I-jun's at your house, right?
[Bo-ra] No, he's not. We hung out
in the afternoon and he said goodbye.
Huh?
I-jun didn't go over
to play at your house?
Then where is he?
[Yeong-guk] I-jun!
-Do you hear me? I-jun!
-[Hwa-jeong] I-jun!
-I-jun!
[both shouting]
I-jun!
-[Geum-cheol] Mr. Chang!
-[Yun-gyeong] Mr. Chang!
-[Yeong-guk] Oh!
-[Geum-cheol] Where is I-jun?
Yun-gyeong, you should be home resting.
What are you doing here?
I've rested more than enough.
How can I be home right now
when I-jun is missing?
-[Bo-ra] I-jun.
-Hey.
-He's got to be here somewhere, right?
-[Bo-ra] Where are you?
What if something happened to him?
[cries]
Mr. Chang, are you crying?
Stop it. Stop crying right now.
We'll find him.
-We'll go that way.
-Yeah. Okay.
If you guys could please go the other way.
-Okay. Got it.
-Yeah, okay.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
[all shouting]
I-jun!
-I-jun!
-[Yeong-guk] Hey, I-jun!
-[all] I-jun!
[I-jun crying softly]
[gasps, groans]
[crying continues]
I-jun!
[panting]
[soft twinkling music]
[moaning]
I-jun! Is that you?
What are you doing?
I've been looking for you!
Bo-ra…
[cries]
Why are you crying? Did someone hit you?
No.
[Bo-ra] Then did your mom scold you
like my mom did?
No.
She scolded at you?
Not today but other times.
She used to tell me a grandpa ghost
would kidnap me if I misbehaved.
But it's all a lie.
They made it up just like Santa.
It's all made-up stuff.
Stupid grown-ups always make up stuff.
But guess what?
Monsters and zombies might exist.
[chuckles]
So let's hurry home. Okay?
-Hurry up!
-No. No.
I don't wanna go home.
Why? Why don't you?
Well, because…
-Uh, because… because…
-[Hwa-jeong] I-jun!
[all shouting]
I-jun!
-[Yeong-guk] I-jun! Where is he?
-[Yun-gyeong] I-jun!
[Yeong-guk] I-jun!
-[Yun-gyeong] Bo-ra! I-jun!
-[panting]
-[Geum-cheol] What's going on?
-[Hwa-jeong] I-jun.
[Yeong-guk whimpering]
[Hwa-jeong]
What are you doing out here, sweetie?
I was looking everywhere.
[Yeong-guk] You little brat!
I almost had a heart attack, I-jun!
You scared me to death.
[crying]
[Hwa-jeong] What are you doing here?
What's going on?
Are you mad at me right now?
No.
Then is this because
of what we talked about?
[whimpers]
I-jun, is it because you feel
uncomfortable with daddy and me
getting back together?
[I-jun] No.
[sniffles]
It's great.
I'm so happy… I can't stop crying.
[dramatic music]
[I-jun crying]
But I didn't want you…
I was afraid for you to see me crying.
[Yeong-guk] You brat.
Is that why you were crying
by yourself here?
-Uh-huh.
-[Hwa-jeong sniffles]
You're only nine years old.
You haven't grown up yet.
[Hwa-jeong]
You should think about yourself first.
You don't need to worry
about our feelings.
[Yeong-guk] She's right.
You're too young to think like an adult.
Just be a boy for now.
-Don't grow up too fast.
-[crying]
Just act your age. You can do that.
[sniffles]
To tell you…
-What? Yeah?
-…you the… you the truth…
[sniffles]
…even if it wasn't my birthday
or if I didn't win an award.
I just wanted us
to be together for dinner.
[sobs]
I've always wanted us…
to live in the same house.
[sobbing]
Yeah.
[Hwa-jeong] I had no idea.
[sobs]
I'm sorry. I was unaware
of how you felt, I-jun.
[crying continues]
[Hwa-jeong] I'm sorry.
[Yeong-guk] I-jun.
Let's go home, big guy.
And make a…
a big happy meal together.
[crying]
[Bo-ra starts crying]
-Oh, Bo-ra.
-What?
Why are you crying?
-What's the matter?
-What's wrong?
-Mom. Dad.
-[Bo-ra's parents] Yeah?
I'm going to eat every meal
with I-jun from now on…
and live in his house.
[crying]
-Oh.
-So he doesn't feel lonely anymore.
But, Bo-ra, we should ask him
how he feels about that.
-[groans]
-I-jun…
[Hwa-jeong]
I'm sorry I didn't know how you felt.
-[sighs]
-[I-jun crying]
I'm sorry.
[crying]
[Yeong-guk] Let's go eat, I-jun.
[dramatic music]
[door opens, closes]
[footsteps approaching]
Did you know Ms. Kim
left some corn for you out there?
I had some. It's really good.
Gangwon Province has the best corn.
Have you been eating?
You look a bit gaunt.
[sniffles, exhales]
I can still give you some time.
I can wait for you.
So for today,
I'll cook you something and leave.
No. At least have a bite before I go.
I have something to tell you.
I, uh…
I'm ready to talk about it now.
I used to have a friend…
Park Jeong-u.
We were college roommates
in my freshman year.
He was a sophomore.
I respected him a lot.
We became really close
since we lived together.
Beer, soju every day.
It's always drinks, repeat, and rally.
[chuckles]
He helped me do…
my grandpa's memorial service.
Thanks to him, I realized…
[exhales sharply]
So this must be how it feels…
[inhales, exhales heavily]
…to have an older brother.
[exhales sharply]
He convinced me to work at that company.
He was a fund manager.
I was hesitant
about taking the job at first.
I hadn't studied finance.
It was too money-oriented, and…
I didn't like that, you know.
[scoffs]
But then, he told me…
"Fund managers
provide regular people
some hope that they too
can become wealthy."
[chuckles]
I think…
my mind was changed right then.
[dramatic music]
[Du-sik] At first, it was quite fun.
It suited me, and I made a lot of money.
I got to meet a lot of new people.
Judging by the information,
I believe it's quite promising.
-[laughter]
-[Du-sik] Am I right?
That's where I met Do-ha's father.
-Hello.
-Hello, sir. How are you?
I greeted him every day.
Good morning, guys.
[chuckles]
-Have a great day.
-I treated him like a Gongjin neighbor.
And we became close.
Then one day,
he told me he wanted to buy into my fund.
Hello, sir.
The trust funds I was managing
had high returns.
[chuckles]
But due to the high risk,
I discouraged him at first.
-However…
-[Du-sik] Call this number…
…he was very adamant.
[chuckles]
Okay, I will. Thank you.
But, sir, you should never be reckless.
-Okay. Thank you.
-[Di-sik] Okay?
-[Gi-hun] Okay.
-[Du-sik] All right. See you.
Thank you, Mr. Hong. Thank you.
-[Du-sik] Yeah.
-[Gi-hun chuckles]
And then…
it all went wrong.
[foreboding music]
[phone ringing]
[employee 1] This is YK Asset Management.
-Yes?
-[employee 2] Hello. No, let me explain.
-[employee 1] Please hold.
-[employee 3] Please, sir…
[employee 4] No, I-I-I-I-I understand.
[indistinct chattering]
[somber music]
[phones ringing]
[reporter on TV]
Korea is suffering from the aftermath
of Benjamin Holdings' bankruptcy.
The stock markets have plummeted,
and the exchange rates are soaring.
When the stock markets opened…
-[Gi-hun] Mr. Hong. Mr. Hong!
-…KOSPI went down by 8.4 percent,
and KOSDAQ went down by almost 12 percent…
-What…
-…the lowest rate in the past 11 years.
Gi-hun.
What?
I didn't recommend ELF.
Why'd you buy that?
Since I wasn't familiar, I was actually
trusting what the employee said.
[sighs]
I should've checked it right away.
What should I do? It's a minus 70 percent.
You'll likely lose your principal
because of the knock-in, you know.
[exhales heavily]
Listen, once it all settles down,
it'll all be recovered. Give it time.
The worst thing would be
to sell all of it.
But… but I used the… uh…
security deposit for my house.
What?
[Gi-hun] I even took out a loan.
I didn't tell my family anything about it.
But I said be careful.
Why would you do that?
Well, I really have no idea.
I guess I just went crazy with greed
or money, or something.
I just wanted my wife to live
in a house with warm running water.
I wanted to pay off my son's student loans
and, uh, buy him a nice new suit
for his job interview, you know.
[sighs]
Okay, you got to trust me.
[phone vibrating]
[Du-sik] Sir, just trust me and wait.
Let me see if I can fix this, okay?
I'll get back to you.
I'll call you. Hey.
-[Du-sik] Okay.
-[groans]
What an idiot!
[sobbing]
[somber music]
[phones ringing]
[phone vibrating]
GI-HUN
[sighs]
[vibrating continues]
GI-HUN
[exhales heavily]
Du-sik, drink this.
Thanks.
We've been at it for days.
Jeong-u, tell me…
when's it gonna get better?
More companies might go bankrupt.
We don't know what sort of factors
could surface again.
-We have to wait it out.
-Okay.
Mr. Park. Mr. Hong.
Uh, have you heard the news?
Heard what?
Our company's security guard
attempted suicide.
[Jeong-u] What?
[breathing shakily]
[somber music]
[keys jangle]
[Du-sik] Damn it.
[key clangs, alarm beeps]
Get out.
[engine starts]
-Get out.
-No, I need to go.
I need to go. I need…
Get out of the car!
[Du-sik breathes shakily]
I'll drive.
Du-sik, you shouldn't be driving
right now.
Come out.
[somber music]
[Jeong-u] It's okay.
-It'll be okay.
-Uh-huh.
I'm sure he'll be okay.
Had I explained it better to him…
No.
I should've picked up his calls.
It's my fault.
I'm to blame.
It's not your fault.
And even if that's the case,
I'll carry the blame with you.
So, Du-sik…
let's pray he makes a recovery.
[car approaching]
[horn honks]
[tires screeching]
[both groan, panting]
-[speeding truck approaching]
-[horn honking]
-[crashes]
-[tires screeching]
[rain pouring]
[hissing]
[Du-sik whispering]
Jeong…
Jeong-u…
[rain pouring]
[Du-sik sobbing]
[somber music]
Jeong-u…
[sobbing]
[sobbing hysterically]
[Du-sik in pained voice]
Jeong-u…
[Du-sik wails]
Jeong-u!
[crying]
[crying hysterically]
[bawling]
[sirens wailing]
[Du-sik] Jeong-u!
[dramatic music]
[Hye-jin sniffles]
You can cry if you want.
It must've been so difficult for you.
You must've hidden the pain
deep down inside.
You've been carrying such a big burden.
You can… be sad with me.
[both sobbing softly]
You can show me your pain.
You can cry.
You can.
[sobbing]
[somber music]
[Du-sik sobbing]
[somber music fades]
Do you remember that Gongjin
wasn't our original destination?
[chuckles]
Yeah. It was Sejin Harbor?
We were waiting there.
You even went the wrong way
and ended up in Gongjin.
I had just gotten this car.
So I was trying this baby out
on the expressway.
-Oh, my god.
-[both chuckle]
Anywhere else…
and you wouldn't have ever had
to meet Du-sik.
I can't help it but think that we were
somehow meant to end up in Gongjin.
I didn't know that…
I was also involved.
Du-sik's boss who died in the car accident
was my brother-in-law.
What?
[sighs]
How can I not believe in fate?
[chuckles]
[sad instrumental music]
What I'm saying is…
I may not be able to empathize completely
since I'm not directly involved.
But I'm sure it's been pretty difficult
for Chief Hong as well.
When the car accident happened,
he was going to visit your father.
It was… bad luck for everyone.
[exhales heavily]
[engine revving]
[birds squawking]
[Cho-hui] Hwa-jeong.
Cho-hui! What's going on?
Are you here to see me?
Um, that's part of it.
I also came to buy porridge too.
For what? Not feeling good?
Oh, no. My wisdom tooth got pulled out so…
Oh, no. Gosh. That really must hurt.
Are you okay?
I was pretty scared beforehand,
but it worked out well.
It's probably better to pull it now,
or the pain will just get worse.
[Hwa-jeong chuckles]
[exhales sharply]
-[footsteps approaching]
-[exhales]
Here you go, Cho-hui.
[Cho-hui] Thank you.
I'll pay on my way out.
No, no. You gave me
that eye cream, remember?
-Though it must've been pricier.
-So are you using it?
Oh, yeah. Been applying it twice a day.
-It's nice and moisturizing.
-[chuckles]
-That's good.
-I'll look young because of you.
Hwa-jeong, you're still as pretty as ever.
You haven't aged at all in 15 years.
[laughs]
Come on, you…
I'm serious.
You're as beautiful
as when I first met you.
[Cho-hui] Hwa-jeong.
Yeong-guk and I never did anything.
There's nothing between us.
Not back then, or now.
I had a crush on someone else back then.
You…
were the… the one I wanted.
[chuckles]
[dramatic music]
Were you aware of that?
Oh. And how did you know?
I just did. I can't explain it.
I just knew it.
It's never easy to hide
your feelings for someone.
You were so beautiful,
kind, and outgoing, and polite.
Teaching elementary school
was your calling since you loved kids.
Although, I knew you were very lonely.
I wanted to take care of you.
Although I couldn't reciprocate
your feelings in the exact same way,
I really did like you back then.
And I still feel the same way.
[sniffles]
Thanks for saying that.
And for pretending you didn't know.
And for accepting the person I am.
[Cho-hui] But I've changed.
[chuckles]
You see, I gave you up long ago.
I don't have those same feelings now.
And I want you and Yeong-guk to be happy
with each other. I hope it lasts.
I can't say I've found
that happiness yet, but…
I do think that I'm in the vicinity
of it now. For sure.
[chuckles]
That's amazing.
Yeah. Well…
[chuckles]
[chuckling continues]
[camera shutter clicks]
You should go.
Don't worry, I can do all this.
What?
You have something
that's been bothering you.
And it's gonna keep bothering you.
And until you take care of it,
it'll just make it worse and worse.
[sighs]
[waves crashing]
[crickets chirping]
[Do-ha] I wondered millions of times
what kind of life you might be living.
In my imagination,
you were still shameless,
continuing to harm other people.
Sorry.
I really mean it.
[Do-ha] I always found it odd.
After what happened,
I expected my family to become dirt poor.
But we moved.
Nicer place.
One day, my mom told me
to focus on getting a job.
All of my loans were paid off.
And my father's hospital bills were paid.
She said it was thanks
to the insurance payout.
It didn't make sense.
We were poor, to begin with.
Was it you?
What's this?
I just sold everything I possibly could.
I'm sorry.
It's the only way I could think of
to make it up to you
for what happened to him.
Is this how
you smart and wealthy people
take responsibility?
[sad instrumental music]
You can think whatever you want.
But please accept it.
I beg you.
[sniffles]
I believe he's going to wake up from this.
I have no other intentions.
I just want to help you hold out
until he comes out of the coma.
[scoffs]
[breathes deeply]
You absolutely disgust me.
[sad instrumental music continues]
[sobs]
It's terrifying how much power
money gives you.
I should open the envelope
and rip the money to shreds.
But I won't do that.
I'm gonna pay off our debts…
[sobs]
…and take him to a better hospital.
[Do-ha's mom cries]
So don't you dare back out!
[breathes deeply]
I won't.
[somber music]
[Do-ha] So it was you.
Did you think money would fix everything?
You thought it'd all be better
since we were dirt poor?
That's not why I did it.
Well then, why?
Did you pity us?
The last thing
your father and I talked about…
it was his family.
I couldn't forget
he was planning on buying a suit for you
for your job interview.
[sobbing]
I wanted to help with that
at the very least.
[sobbing]
So it was for me.
He was never greedy,
so I never understood why he did it.
I couldn't find a job.
I'd come home drunk.
He told me I looked poor.
Blame the suit.
He told me that
I wouldn't find a job
because I had no connections.
[Du-sik] That's not true.
He was always very proud of you.
He'd brag about how his son was smart
and graduated
from a prestigious university.
I just remembered that.
[sniffling]
I'm to blame.
I didn't grab his hand
when he reached out.
No.
[sniffles]
It's not your fault. I know it's not.
I just needed to blame someone for this.
My dad didn't even go to high school.
If you two were close,
why didn't you pay more attention?
Why didn't you tell him more often
that it would be okay?
[sobbing]
[sad instrumental music]
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
I truly… am sorry.
[sad instrumental music fades]
[birds squawking]
[pensive music]
Jeong-u will be happy
to see you dressed up.
He bought me this suit
for a job interview.
[Hye-jin] What a precious suit.
He'll love seeing it.
Yongin, was it?
Mm-hm.
[chuckles]
[somber music]
[gasps, exhales]
[light music]
Ha-rang, do you remember that uncle?
What? He's not my uncle.
He's not Uncle Seong-hyeon.
A different uncle.
He is your Uncle Du-sik.
When you were a little baby,
he used to hold you and talk to you
and give you lots of hugs.
Run over there. Be brave.
And say, "Hello, Uncle Du-sik."
[Ha-rang] Hello, Uncle.
Hi there, Ha-rang.
It's been a long time.
Do you still like dinosaurs?
Uh-huh. I like Eustreptospondylus,
Pachycephalosaurus, and Stegosaurus.
[sobbing]
You're crying. How come?
I'm just proud
that you remember the names
of such difficult dinosaurs.
[sniffles, chuckles]
[wistful music]
[Ha-rang] Auntie, don't I have so many?
Gosh. You have so many.
Did you find this, Ha-rang?
-Yes, I found it by the water.
-Oh, you found it by the water?
-There.
-[Hye-jin] Let's pile them up.
-Should we make a cake with these?
-Yeah.
[Hye-jin]
Did you find this one too? It's so pretty.
[Seon-a]
Doesn't he take after Jeong-u?
-Mm.
-He even acts like him a lot.
He also sleeps with his arms
above his head like that.
He hates carrots.
He also has many friends, you know.
-And he's so stubborn.
-[chuckles]
He's just like his dad.
[Seon-a chuckles]
I'm telling you.
Seong-hyeon told me
that you were here in Gongjin.
Seong-hyeon?
-You mean Director Ji?
-Mm-hm.
He's my brother so…
He said you guys were friends.
It's a small world.
Didn't know you came here
after you disappeared like that.
Du-sik.
I won't apologize…
for what I did back then.
Back then, I had lost the will to live.
I didn't want to breathe
in a world without Jeong-u.
But you know what?
I was able to.
I was able to…
able to breathe, drink and eat.
At times, I'd even smile
at Ha-rang's silly face.
And after some time,
I wanted to be alive.
[wistful music]
Du-sik.
I…
I don't… I don't blame you anymore.
So you should find it in your heart
to forgive yourself as well.
[wistful music continues]
Mom! Auntie and I made a cake together!
[gasps]
Mom, come over here! Hurry!
Oh, my! You must be so excited!
[Seon-a chuckles]
[Ha-rang] We just built it,
-but I don't know where it went.
-[Seon-a] Wow.
-[Hye-jin] Your mom's here.
-[Seon-a] Who made this?
-Did Auntie make it for you?
-[Ha-rang] I did.
[Seon-a] You did? Really?
[indistinct chatter]
[Jeong-u] Are you crying?
Whoa! You've become such a crybaby.
[snickers]
Jeong-u.
See? You get older, you get emotional.
Man, you teased me
about bawling so much
when Ha-rang was born.
He sure has grown a lot.
[wistful music]
Jeong-u.
I've really missed you so much.
I've missed you, buddy.
I'm sorry.
-It's 'cause of me--
-Du-sik.
Remember what I said?
It's not your fault.
But still…
[sobs]
Sorry.
It's okay.
It's really okay.
You survived.
So, Du-sik…
keep living your life.
Not for me, but for you.
See and do everything
you want to until you're fed up.
And once you have done everything
you've ever wanted,
then we'll meet again.
Jeong-u.
And when we meet…
then you and I will go fishing.
How's that, brother?
[wistful music continues]
[Ha-rang grunts]
[laughter in distance]
[Seon-a] Look at that. Let's make a…
[melancholic music]
[Gam-ri grunts]
Goodness.
[sighs]
[grunts]
Gam-ri, are you having a pity party?
Why are you cleaning all alone?
You should sweep before wiping, you know.
You're so noisy. Why are you here?
You should go home.
The swarm of people
has left you all alone,
so we just came by to keep you company.
[Suk-ja] Let's clean
then we'll have dinner together.
I know what, should we have a sleepover?
Yes!
What? Don't be such a nuisance.
Good idea. Okay, Suk-ja.
-Sweep that side.
-Yes, ma'am.
[Mat-i singing]
♪ Arirang, arirang, arariyo ♪
-[Mat-i] Hey.
-[laughs]
♪ Passing over the Arirang Pass ♪
-♪ Arirang ♪
-[laughter]
[water rippling]
Ha-rang seems to have really liked you.
He wants us to visit him soon.
We didn't visit your friend.
Sorry we didn't make it.
It's okay.
I'm sure he'll understand.
[chuckles]
It's good to see you smile.
Keep smiling.
Don't try to analyze it
whether to smile or not.
Don't think about it too much.
Just smile.
Hye-jin.
Hm?
I was going to kill myself.
When I heard that…
Jeong-u passed away,
I sprinted out of the hospital.
[melancholic music]
[phone vibrating]
[vibrating continues]
[Du-sik] I kept walking and found myself
on one of the Han River bridges.
That's when I thought,
I should just end my life.
Wouldn't this river eventually take me
to the sea?
Then…
would I be able to see my parents again?
[Du-sik sighs]
[phone clatters]
[sighs]
MS. GAM-RI
[Gam-ri] Du-sik, I'm in Seoul right now.
Can I see you?
I brought your favorite side dishes.
I've practically forgotten
what you look like.
I miss you a lot.
[Du-sik] What great timing.
My life was so busy
that I had no time for her.
Actually, I had forgotten about her.
[sobbing]
But that text message, so full of typos,
saved me.
[sobbing hysterically]
I had decided to kill myself that day.
But Ms. Gam-ri and Gongjin
saved me.
[sobbing continues]
[melancholic music]
That's why I came back.
I didn't kill myself,
but I didn't know how to carry on either.
[leaves rustling]
I locked myself in that dark house.
But people kept knocking on my door.
Nobody asked me questions.
They would just bring me food
and would check on me.
Like they…
were taking care of a stray cat.
They gave me room so caringly.
Then one day,
they started asking me for help.
"The light in my bathroom's out.
Washing machine doesn't work."
"Can you fill in while I'm gone, Du-sik?"
I'm sure it was intentional.
[chuckles]
That's how you became
Chief Hong then, huh?
[chuckles]
How about that.
Gongjin, for sure, saved you.
I finally get it.
I understand why you love Gongjin so much.
Why you feel so attached
to this small seaside town
that seems to be…
nothing out of the ordinary.
So that is the end of my story.
I'm sorry it took me so long.
Thanks for sharing.
[exhales sharply]
I was worried you'd never open up.
[sniffles]
So thank you for gathering up the courage.
[chuckles]
Well, thank you
because I don't know
if I would've otherwise.
[chuckles]
Oh. You said you had something
to tell me, didn't you?
-Ah… I, uh…
-[Du-sik chuckles]
You don't have to talk about it now.
I'll wait. I can do that.
I'll wait for you this time.
Actually,
I was offered a clinical professor job.
In Seoul, I'm sure.
[Hye-jin exhales]
[crickets chirping]
Hey, guys. Are you asleep?
My eyelids are feeling
very heavy right now.
I've been so sleepy.
I can't even watch all my soaps.
That's because we're old
and we get sleepy earlier now.
-Yeah, that's true.
-[Gam-ri] Mm.
I can't believe I'm over 70.
I still feel like the pretty young girl
who'd sneak around with her boyfriend.
[Mat-i]
Oh, get your mind out of the gutter.
Listen, you better watch out
what you're saying.
What? You never snuck out
with your boyfriend?
What now?
That didn't happen.
We did not sneak out back then.
[groans]
Could you please just be quiet?
Enough with the nonsense.
-[Gam-ri] Gosh.
-[giggling]
[Mat-i exhales heavily]
By the way,
are you feeling the way I'm feeling?
I feel kinda sad
that my body is aging
while my heart is still young.
[Mat-i] Oh, yeah. All the time.
Both my tongue and mind became dull.
I just became clumsy.
Time indeed flies.
Gam-ri, have you felt this way before?
Of course, I've felt that way.
But I like being this old now. Hmm…
Nobody likes aging and being old.
As I look back,
I've enjoyed so much wonderful food,
seen great scenery,
met good people.
How much more could I want?
Are you happy? Like happy?
Of course. I'm happy.
I appeared on a program on TV,
and I even sang on stage.
And right now, a sleepover.
My life is so much fun.
[chuckles]
That's not all.
Today,
the evening glow was beautiful.
The squid we had for supper
was scrumptious too.
Just look around.
My, so many things!
Good things…
everywhere.
Like tomorrow is a picnic.
[chuckles]
A picnic sounds lovely.
Gam-ri, what should we do tomorrow?
[clears throat]
As the youngest,
you should come up with something.
You always make me choose stuff.
[grumbles]
[laughter]
[Mat-i gasps]
[grumbles]
Darn it.
[Mat-i] Why do you move around so much
in your sleep?
My goodness.
[sighs in annoyance]
Gam-ri, I can't sleep next to Suk-ja.
She keeps pulling the blanket.
She put her leg right up on my body.
[grunts]
It's so infuriating. My goodness! Gosh!
Gam-ri, please. How are you still sleeping
with all this going on?
Hey, Gam-ri.
Hey, Gam-ri. Hey! He…
[somber music]
[gasps]
[breathing shakily]
[melancholic music]
You said we'd go on a picnic.
Why did you have to be so impatient?
[Mat-i sobs]
[melancholic music]
[Mat-i] Sleep well.
Go to that picnic.
And please, can you…
wait for me.
[quiet sob]
[Hye-jin] What is that?
What's going on?
-He looks like a patient.
-[blinker clicking]
[pensive music]
Hello, sir.
I'm calling from the Seogang Bridge.
There's someone wearing a hospital gown
crouching next to the guardrail.
He must be in trouble.
Yes. Please, check on him.
Yes, thank you very much.
["I Hope You're Happy"
by Lee Sang Yi playing]
[siren wailing]
AMBULANCE
[sighs]
["I Hope You're Happy"
by Lee Sang Yi continues playing]
[siren wailing]
["I Hope You're Happy"
by Lee Sang Yi continues playing]
[Hye-jin] When you lose a loved one,
you should mourn plenty.
Or else, the grief travels
all through your body,
and it bursts later.
FOR DU-SIK
[sobbing]
I don't like seeing him all alone.
I want to be his family.
You're me, and I'm you.
[both] Ah…
I'll do this every day just for you.
[Hye-jin] I'd love it if our shoes…
were always side by side
at the door together.
Chief Hong…
Will you marry me?